everybody welcome back normal and plays
of binding of issac and plus we're doing
good stuff here we unlock Lilith on the
last run so we got like the easiest
money of all time here to just be Lilith
and do hard mode and accomplish like
literally anything z80 Palin Palin Palin
could be out it could be Sarah could be
Michael could be could be the final room
that we're going to do over the course
of this video is Lilith because we may
actually just we didn't die but we found
ourselves in a real tight spot there
okay I'm in a good mood today I know
always in a good mood when I get to play
Isaac I might leave didn't accuse me
when I get to play Isaac we had a great
as a zl-- run last time that essentially
is like the perfect world situation that
you want to have is a zl-- Lilith is
always a total crapshoot though you know
the best part about finishing
I mean first officeholders in your cup
but the best part about finishing that a
oh my god Azazel run on greeted that we
don't have to do in his nasal run on
green again we got to restart here which
is awesome
we didn't get a restart we got a cure
upon which is close to a restart enemy I
love is asel I really do like playing as
asel but having to not do easy mode
greedier aka greed mode as as Azazel is
ideal as the easiest character to make
it pop to the most part just by messing
it up once alright that's enough money
to make an arcade work and we would
really like to get a blood bag just to
amp up our speed in HP but really what's
the key is Lilith I'm going to be honest
with you I just don't remember certainly
getting like a high-value familiars like
another Incubus or a succubus would be
fine HP and damage tears you know these
are stats that are always appropriate
beyond this all we can really do is
focus on improve not taking damage
Deadeye den eye strikes me is like the
best worst item as lilith how in the
world am i going to maintain a
consistent ability to deal damage with
Incubus when it's flying around us you
know the speed of sound and by the speed
of sound I mean one verily it's a one
time something where something is the
speed of sound that's right I mean you
don't know how big these rooms could be
it could be 700 miles from one end to
the other and we could just be
extraordinarily large ourselves oh also
Dead Eye is actually just horrible as
Lilith because it doesn't work at all
that's busted stuff like a Dave Matthews
Band album please don't be bad are you a
wizard you know what let's take the good
with the bad
are you a wizard didn't impact us as
much as it would in a normal situation
because of the fact of our Lilith are we
even oh not even close
no but we are not in a in as bad of a
spot as we would be although we'd be
burning off most of our time here anyway
so I think we can play this three times
two three and we really need to leverage
everything that we can at this point
thirty cents is awesome so we got a good
chance to go to our we've got a good
chance to go to our shop and actually
get something useful okay that was the
worst we've handled that room in a long
time dude we got another item that just
does not work as Lillith all right I'm
starting to remember why she wasn't my
favorite character to begin with what
we're looking for now is like a d4 or is
b100 so we could get to you know the
point where we're actually doing some
damage here with those items taking
advantage sorry I keep getting
sidetracked like mentally speaking here
so we can take advantage of the the
items that we've already gotten you know
we've got tickets in the lottery we can
get a full run reroll we could use them
although if you lose Incubus we could
also just not have any means with which
to shoot
so ever but maybe I've halitosis which
is substantially worse than Incubus
either way I guess you just got to
accept that these first couple of floors
not really that useful for us and work
from there and hopefully accomplish
something in the interim period throw a
bomb down here get a key it's extremely
valuable I did use our other key going
the item room which in hindsight not a
great idea
bit of a tough call to be honest with
you steam sales lovely and if we can get
a lot of money in the futures and that's
even better but for now this doesn't
particularly bode well for us we're
looking for I guess a deal with the
devil that's transformative I mean I'm
selfish here I'd love an easy Lilith run
because I fucked with Lilith to begin
with probably actually my worst
character not least favorite I don't
know I used to I've had answers that
have flip-flopped back and forth there
was a while where Cain was my least
favorite character which should tell you
everything you need to know about me
you know listing my favorite character
ie it doesn't mean altogether that much
we can get that bomb for free and there
is a hinted rock back there we're
desperate dude we could use small rock
without a doubt but even other spirit
hogs will be fine even a golden chest
could be good but we need a little bit
more just keep yourself rolling
backwards here
and this grant this and let's go all
right it's a difficult boss at some
point as lilith you have to play the
gamble of are we going to fight Krampus
because I'd like to have box of friends
available for Krampus but you know what
maybe this is important for us sometimes
you don't know the inner strength that
lies within you until you're forced to
actually use it this is not meant to be
like one of those moments in like an
anime where you know people pick on a
nerd and then he beats like 40 dudes in
a street fight using only a cardboard
tube or something like that more though
I think that you know we as human beings
this is where I get a little bit over
the preaching maybe you know we have an
evolutionary desire to make our lives as
comfortable as possible you know we
structure our lives to avoid discomfort
in a lot of situations but sometimes
challenges can be uncomfortable but by
doing them we can raise our comfort zone
terminator now this is a big I'm kind of
got to take both I think but it's kind
of you know big words to use about
playing a video game but I stand by that
you know in every I'm gonna say every
successful person I know it shares this
belief that's kind of like unfair
shorthand first up I don't know if I
know many people that are truly
successful and I'm talking about like
you know CEO level success it's sure
I've run a successful issue Tube channel
and twitch channel I work hard but I
don't really think about it too much
beyond that but you know most successful
people I know they constantly keep
themselves challenged to some degree
they're constantly seeking out you know
extra extra things that temporarily make
their lives harder but they do so in a
productive fashion you know of course
nobody's going to be like I wish I did
my taxes every day you know that's just
a little
that's needlessly reductive that's a
logical extreme but I just there's this
weird period in like young adult life oh
you need infestation to maybe it'll
happen when you're outside of college
maybe it'll happen when you're outside
a high school but you kind of just are
done you're like I've finished the plan
that I had for myself what the heck do I
do now and you know for a while that the
answer was dota 2 profile it was like
yeah you know I mean I wake up I do my
job and then I I can do whatever I want
with the rest of my time it is nice and
I'm being honest it's like a good way to
avoid burnout fulfilling potentially on
a recreational standpoint after a while
I kind of good not to say that I'm like
a model citizen necessarily but I kind
of got a little tired of it you know
like I need to like do something else I
played counter-strike and you play
counter-strike competitively you're like
simulating real progress you know you're
like I like this game I don't know if
everybody's like this I think I have
kind of a I have a competitive
personality to some degree but when I
first start playing a game it's like hey
this game is fun buy a hundred hours
into that game I'm like I'm not playing
this game for fun anymore that's that's
bush league that's silver I'm playing
this game to simulate you know
destroying other people and taking their
resources as my like animal brain
desires or something like that I'm not
saying it's a good habit I'm just saying
you know maybe it's because there's
productive influences for that and we're
not living back in the caveman days
where inevitably I would get into a
fight with someone and try to bash them
over a head with the rock and then have
my arm twisted behind my back cuz I'm a
nerd
but either way you know I think there's
more productive ways to manifest that
challenge in your in your life I think
that's why I think there's like a few
reasons why people get really into
working out when they get into working
out one of them is like you know
progress is addictive and the other one
is it's a productive way to stimulate
challenge in your life and keep you on
the upswing instead of running the risk
of languishing a little bit which is a
fancy word meaning kind of staying in
the same place I don't know it's it's a
balance you know there's there's also
nothing more insufferable than somebody
who's like I spend literally all of my
time doing productive things and if you
don't do productive things with
literally 100%
your time like you're really messing up
that's insufferable as well because we
leave no time for yourself you know
you're not a person that people want to
be around for the most part like what do
you it's kind of the thing I was like
what do you what are you doing so many
sit-ups for if you ain't ever going to
go to the beach I get it you know health
reasons that's why it's not really a
good metaphor but you've got oh you got
to enjoy the fruits of your labor at
some point as well right but I do also
things you know there's dangers on both
sides people who get like too addicted
to progress anyway mostly I just play
The Binding of Isaac and and I hope to
be funny I don't really try to be funny
because I don't understand how to do
that sort of I just I turn on the
recording session and then I go um and
then I find a tangent and I just sort of
homed in on it
honing on it and hope for the best
anyway life's going well here and by
well I mean actually we're constantly in
danger of dying not another real life I
think you know in real life I think
we're doing relatively okay having
played shellshock live lately so my
blood pressure's in a pretty good place
I'm saying that as someone who has no
blood pressure monitor which sounds like
a great job you know you in case you're
sick of being a hall monitor why not be
a blood pressure monitor it's easy you
know you work ten minutes a day could
save you 15% or less on your auto
insurance fifty percent or more fifteen
percent or more
this is actually a nightmare this
happens to us and Isaac runs from time
to time this is one of them we just have
nothing you know we're doing almost no
damage our best course of action is
definitely going to be to use bombs here
please don't disappear on me oh no like
we have the infestation too but if you
get if a spider kills the enemy you
don't get a spider out of the enemy this
is a nightmare run I do I'm going to
turn you know the gaze of reflection
outwards for once okay I actually think
that it's kind of BS that halitosis
doesn't work for us I think it's kind of
BS that Deadshot doesn't work for us
obviously Lilith has been like Gia's
custom functionality so that you know
when she gets to tears upgraded effects
Incubus sir you know when she basically
she doesn't fire Incubus inherits her
stats instead for that not to work with
Deadshot and you know how a toast is
giving you the chance to have kind of
like a pseudo orbital or at least you
know like an aura around you that can
help you out kind of a bummer really
limits like the successful builds that
you can get with her obviously like this
is not a 10 out of 10 run right now
there's the time to make it not a 10 out
of 10 run or to make it a 10 out of 10
run or at least like a six and a half
some that we could conceivably win with
but we need DPS yeah okay
desserts pretty good here as fuel if
nothing else
Wow meanwhile Krampus over here can
freakin hit you without you having any
conceivable means to dodge it this will
be such a good time to have a bomb I
know I need to get over there and hit
him but the closer we stand to him the
harder it is for us to predict the the
shot that comes out the harder it is to
dodge it as a result we can't take
Krampus as head so we're just headed
down to the next floor and this is a
straight-up nightmare fuel this is a
situation you do not want to be in
whatsoever but I got high hopes oh that
was very close we don't need to preserve
at the old example all I got to do is
preserve our own HP Lilith just fart off
okay we actually we have such good
potential on this run cuz we have
infestation - an infestation - buys us I
wouldn't say a lot of time on zero HP
but ever is it's a force multiplier
which is the term that I just learned
recently and I don't really like it
because people always use it under the
guise of self-improvement
the way I saw it used was you know
learning programming is a force
multiplier for everything else in your
life and I was like okay if you want to
talk about it like it's some kind of
supply chain management term by all
means if that's helpful for you
conceptualising but I find it a little
bit of a strange - anyway the point is
it doesn't matter however
keep ourselves moving here it's a force
multiplier though because literally
every upgrade that we get makes a
infestation - better sometimes only in a
weird like abstract and sort of way like
a rate of fire increase only makes only
makes it better because we can kill
enemy faster and get two more spiders
more quickly I sort of hate this we can
do this just make sure he goes down here
nicely done but a damage upgrade
extremely valuable hivemind extremely
valuable that's kind of more specific
and there it is lucky us I will
definitely pay two cents to pick up to
pick up by the spirit art that seems
layer a red heart at this point it seems
like a smart play so one hit will kill
us here what one hit from the champions
that is we can't afford you can't really
it's hard to prioritize it at the moment
we could take a hit from the the stat
not the statues but the you know the
turrets up at the top it's hard because
all these enemies you know they're like
the same thing okay we did take a hit
and we might be about the parish you can
just get one do I mean if you can just
get one might be better to prioritize
the green one because when he dies he'll
explode
which is also scary for us because we're
fighting him in like this constrained
arena it didn't kill him but we did kill
one justkeep spider spider beerus he's
done it
so I should tell you just about
everything you need to know about our
chances here I'm assuming tractor beam
is going to work and do that was really
good for like all of our stats oh my god
is this where things start to pop is
this where it all comes together we that
basically is every run should have one
room like that where you think you're
going to die but instead you end up
coming through with like in the clutch
and having a great experience
you know that's what I mean you gotta
sometimes you got to challenge yourself
to prove that you got the capabilities
but making it happen so we as of right
now I wouldn't say we've drastically
improved our chances of succeeding but
we're getting there
both of these are so valuable but I
think we got to invest in actually
making ourselves a little bit better so
I took coz sin robes there and also has
the added benefit of giving us extra HP
I'll admit I've got a buyer's remorse
like immediately
but buyer's remorse I don't always think
is uh is apt you know sometimes you just
get buyer's remorse because you spend
money or you spend you know an
opportunity hivemind spiders are going
to pull this out for us I'm not claiming
we got a guaranteed win on our stick
right now in true hockey terms but I'm
telling you that these these hivemind
spiders
I know limit hotland we try again I know
when those hive mind things they make
northernlion see now we're in actually
like good spot right now the downside is
despite being in a good spot things can
still pave it pretty quickly and our
stats are not becoming of a run that's
on the Deaf's one I mean our time on
this run should tell you that but we're
a long way away from what I would
consider to be like a great situation we
need probably close to double this
damage and a much better rate of fire
anything that awed ments the amount of
times we can use or the frequency of use
of box of friends would also be a 10 out
of 10 suggestion here
great good good choice but I would also
settle for you know like anything that
actually works for Lilith instead of our
first two item rooms which were
completely dead this is where we put our
money where our mouth is NL you're
always talking about how good number two
is this is the perfect situation for
number two to save us we will probably
end up hurting ourselves with this from
time to time but it's also a 10 out of
10 get-out-of-jail-free card that you
know the likes of which we can't we
can't ignore dude I still wonder about
Twitter sometimes I leave it open in the
background just because it's usually I
almost always have a Twitter tab open on
my browser not really a glowing
endorsement of the service more so just
like hey let's see what people are
thinking about me at this particular
moment in time
oh it's like a a mental compulsion for
self-destruction
but either way no people on Twitter are
largely relatively nice to me compared
to a lot of other content creators so I
really can't go plan just keep it up out
of habit basically the same way I know
like you know a lot of people keep like
a facebook tab open all day but it
always plays Bloomberg News at this time
in Bloomberg News is like basically a
news show about Silicon Valley I who do
you think is watching this what
percentage of Twitter users are like you
know investing heavily in the stock
market in tech stock in tech stocks I'm
assuming a percentage I just don't think
it's high enough to warrant that being
on the screen all the time it's like I
you know I work in a business that is I
mean it in an abstract way it's the
entertainment industry right it's the
entertainment business I have to I have
an account I go see from time to time I
have like a person at the bank I go to
see time to time they'll we show up in
like a hoodie like oh hey I'm here to
see Nathaniel Hawthorne Esquire and they
go oh really like you have an
appointment and I'm like yeah I know it
might not look like it but I'm like an
adult and knowing I would just take a
seat in the in the lobby sir
we're gonna have security value within
hold make sure you're not you know
telling Elijah this is only half true a
huge growth is pretty good here as well
but let's take High Priestess um and
they're always playing this stuff that
makes me feel like I'm behind an adult
life man they're always playing like you
know
although Nasdaq has dropped six points
today what does this mean and I'm like
people know what this means
I don't understand like recently the
interest rates went up in Canada which
as I understand it is tied to mortgages
more or less so everybody and their dogs
was talking about you know the interest
rate you go to 7-eleven people are
talking about interest rates you go to
you know Harvard Law people are talking
about interest rates I can't I can't
I've never been to Harvard Law who do
you think I am Reese Witherspoon I was
just like I don't get it so I maintain
there should be and there might be now
but I maintain there should be like
should have been maybe as a better word
like a greater financial literacy class
when I was in high school took a yeah I
would argue that a financial literacy
class is more important than like you
think I'm gonna say gym but I'm not I
would actually say it's more important
than like you know geometry
I know geometry is important I'm just
I'm trying to illustrate how important I
think a financial literacy class would
be understanding what you know interest
rates mean for the for the economy and I
don't know some us Americans don't even
have maps so yeah I'm making a joke that
I don't really know what I'm talking
about I'm glad I came here we have two
spirit Hearts number two is I mean first
of all who does it work for absolutely
nothing
say it again number two is doing fine
it's just a situation that it needs some
improvement like this would be a great
floor for us to get a deal with the
devil like I've actually forgotten the
name of it what's the one that gives you
a bunch of demon hearts and also a plus
1.5 damage bonus and fear shot I haven't
seen it in like a month of issac episode
so it's been removed from my mental
cache apparently justice is fine
got a spirit out of that which is nice I
think we'll go to the we'll go to the
special room here because the curse room
that is because we got to check you know
we need to leverage basically like every
available advantage we can at this point
I don't have a great answer for you
about how we're going to turn this one
around but if we can get that item that
is on the tip of my tongue but I've
apparently lost it for now then I got
high hopes on the depths to now a
battery is actually a pretty good pick
up as well so hopefully we can save
seven cents and the careful what you
wish for I suppose if we can get that
and then the polaroid we have some
invincibility
maybe feel a little bit better about our
chances we should have taken little brim
in in the hindsight that's actually a
decision that could damage because
little brim would kill these enemies so
quickly that we would easily be able to
get the spiders out of it and we get the
spiders out of it then like everything
falls into place from that point onwards
but for now admittedly this is like a
little bit of a tight spot and that's
fine you know we've been in tight spots
before
the inability to kill one of those hands
though not a very tanky enemy the
inability to kill one of those hands the
first time it comes down though is like
I'm not going to say unforgivable but if
it illustrates that we're inside here
but again you know how fitting is the
episode in which I tried to sound like
an authority on self-improvement now I
find myself in a struggle I I mean I
want the money I don't really care about
the money it's more the opportunity for
those to be luck upgrades I suppose that
I care about but oh come on
that just burns me up you're going to
give me so many batteries here that we
should probably go for one of these did
thank you buddy is like they have a
great stick handling stat I ate it they
keep the to keep the business around me
at all times okay if I had to predict I
would say that that bad trip pill is
where we've crossed over from like this
run potentially being a win like more
more likely to be a win in a loss I
think we're now more likely to be a loss
than a win you know CNN is projecting
that this is going to be a loss but
they're still you know what they're not
projecting it yet they're just like this
is how the trend looks right now there's
still plenty of time we have to see some
of those you know districts with higher
electoral votes come through are we made
a mushroom are we made of mushrooms or
something I don't understand who is this
character this man who's made out of
mushrooms I'm the man with the mush
do-do-do-do-do-do that's Alice in Chains
I think everyone's aware okay
forever alone does not get doubled in
size I got to check Skype because we're
in like Dockett territory give me a
moment here hey
Dockett ideas hit mom's xx suite um
let's move along here give me a sec give
me a sec give me a second okay I
apologize for this but inevitably it
happens I had a lot of time to record
today's a Isaac episode before the NL SS
and then the run turns out to be garbage
it's not that it's the runs fault and
it's not that I'm like sad I did it but
you know sometimes Isaac runs go a
little longer than expected which is
really in particular a surprise this
time because of the goat head you would
think that after five deals with the
devil wow this will be our fifth but
after four to five deals with the devil
we either have killed ourselves
accidentally or be in a position where
we have like an easy win but it's not
the case we've had the goat head like
every single run recently as well
we're not even I guess we're just
looking for spirit hearts here so like
go for broke
I love these puns the puns just get
better every time I still think they
should just be able to go up to the
donation machine and be like I'm going
to put in 40 cents and then if it would
have blown up on scent 10 then you lose
30 cents in the process everybody's
going to be happy because of the
convenience factor I think maybe I'm
maybe I'm misjudging that but that's I
would be happy because of the
convenience factor okay you got to use I
mean I think you use to one month yeah
you probably just use one on mom's heart
because we have we have the attack fly
and the attack fly with two attack lines
actually because of a box of friends but
that should chew mom up pretty nicely
not to mention our friendly spiders that
is not one of mine
these money Polaroid we've got to try I
hate to say it but we need the damage at
this point and spirit arts are probably
less precious than then damage now we
need to never get hit again so that's a
little bit of a downer
what my own bomb no no no see this is
the point where you have to win because
now there's going to be a conspiracy
theory that you lost to throw in time
for the NL SS and that's never like
quite literally never been the case but
let's do everything in our power to
dispel that notion those are not spirit
ours I am an actual hook I pulled my my
controller down I got so mad this is the
headphone cord so I just take the true
learning smash it
so I'm bad and maybe shouldn't have
taken fear shop but that run also kind
of stunk for now thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button up set a great
deal and of course subscribe you guys
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time
[Music]